PathLike wrapper/cache for ExternalStorage (#186)
OpenFreeEnergy/gufe: docs/guide/storage.rst

  equilibration would be suitable for as something to put in ``shared``
  data. This data is guarateed to be present from when it is created until
  the end of the :class:`.ProtocolDAG`, but is not guaranteed to exist after
  the :class:`.ProtocolDAG` terminates.
* ``permanent``: This is the data that will be needed beyond the scope of a
  single rough estimate of the calculation. This could include anything that
  an extension of the simulation would require, or things that require
  network-scale analysis. Anything stored here will be usable after the
  calculation has completed.

The ``scratch`` area is always a local directory. However, ``shared`` and
``permanent`` can be external (remote) resources, using the
:class:`.ExternalResource` API.

As a practical matter, the GUFE storage system can be handled with a
:class:`.StorageManager`. This automates some aspects of the transfer
between stages of the GUFE storage system, and simplifies the API for
protocol authors.  In detail, this provides protocol authors with
``PathLike`` objects for ``scratch``, ``shared``, and ``permanent``. All
three of these objects actually point to special subdirectories of the

> scratch space for a specific unit, but are managed by context manangers at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
local execution space for a specific unit, but are managed by context managers at
```

managers at the executor level, which handle the process of moving objects
from local staging directories to the actual ``shared`` and ``permanent``
locations, which can be external resources.

External resource utilities
---------------------------

For flexible data storage, GUFE defines the :class:`.ExternalResource` API,
which allows data be stored/loaded in a way that is agnostic to the
underlying data store, as long as the store can be represented as a
key-value store. Withing GUFE, we provide several examples, including
:class:`.FileStorage` and :class:`.MemoryStorage` (primarily useful for
testing.) The specific ``shared`` and ``permanent`` resources, as provided
to the executor, can be instances of an :class:`.ExternalResource`.

.. note::

   The ``shared`` space must be a resource where an uploaded object is
   instantaneously available, otherwise later protocol units may fail if the
   shared result is unavailable. This means that files or approaches based
   on ``scp`` or ``sftp`` are fine, but things like cloud storage, where the
   existence of a new document may take time to propagate through the
   network, are not recommended for ``shared``.

> Details: Manangement of the Storage Lifetime

Reviewer 2: typo: management

* :class:`.StagingDirectory`: This represents the root directory for staging
  the results of a given :class:`.ProtocolUnit`. This is an abstract
  representation of a local directory. Paths within it register with it, and
  it handles deletion of the temporary local files when not needed, as well
  as the download of remote files when necessary for reading. There are two
  important subclasses of this: :class:`.SharedStaging` for a ``shared``
  resource, and :class:`.PermanentStaging` for a ``permanent`` resource.
* :class:`.StagingPath`: This represents a file within the
  :class:`.StagingDirectory`. It contains both the key (label) used in the
  key-value store, as well as the actual local path to the file. On
  creation, it registers itself with its :class:`.StagingDirectory`, which
  handles managing it over its lifecycle.

In practice, the executor uses the :class:`.StorageManager` to create a
:class:`.DAGContextManager` at the level of a DAG, and then uses the
:class:`.DAGContextManager` to create a context to run a unit. That context
creates a :class:`.SharedStaging` and a :class:`.PermanentStaging`
associated with the specific unit. Those staging directories, with the

> scratch directory, are provided to the :class:`.ProtocolDAGUnit`, so that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scratch directory, are provided to the :class:`.ProtocolUnit`, so that
```
